zigbee: Fixes Zigbee weather station application and optimize calling ZBOSS API in NCS [KRKNWK-14018] (#7592)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

--------------------------------

* Added new :ref:`zigbee_weather_station_app` application.

> * Fixed an issue where buffer is being freed incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the buffer was being freed incorrectly.
```

      * Crypto library used for performing software AES ecryption.
        Now, the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_oberon_readme` is used instead of the Tinycrypt library.
      * Optimize calling ZBOSS API in NCS platform.

>         Now, if ZBOSS API is called from ZBOSS thread context, processing by workqueue is skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       If the ZBOSS API is called in the ZBOSS thread context, processing by workqueue is now skipped.
```
Please make sure that this means the same thing after my suggestion.

>         If the ZBOSS API is called in the ZBOSS thread context, processing by workqueue is now skipped.

Reviewer: Sorry, I missed this the first time! One tiny edit:
```suggestion
        If the ZBOSS API is called in the ZBOSS thread context, processing by the workqueue is now skipped.
```

Author: Done!
